# Tally

## Getting Started
```bash
npm install

npm run start-rest-server
```

Open another terminal window and change to the folder containing the "package.json" file.

Run the following command:

```bash
npm run start-client
```

Your system's default web browser should open and browse to the URL http://localhost:3000.

### Modifying the Project

The server files can be modified in the "server-src" folder. The "server-dist" folder is generated by the "start-server" command. Do not edit the files in the "server-dist" folder as they will be overwritten. The client files can be modified in the "public" and "src" folders. The "src" folder contains the JavaScript code for the Apollo Client and React Components.

### FAQ

- The default ports number for the three server applications are as follows:

  - Web Server: 3000
  - GraphQL Server: 3010
  - REST Server: 3020

  If your system is running programs on these ports there will be a conflict when these three servers are started. Either disable the other applications running on those ports or change the port numbers for this project's servers within your "package.json" file. To change the port numbers, modify the port values specified in the "config" section of the "package.json". No changes to the JavaScript code is needed as the code reads the environment variables set by the config section.

## Notes
* Main Screen
  - "Register Voter"
  - "View sortable list of voters" (with edit/delete button next to each)
  - "Vote" (choose a ballot)
  - "Create Election"


* Register Voter
    Voter
    - id
    - first name
    - last name
    - address
    - county
    - city
    - birthdate
    - email
    - phone
    - completedElectionIds: id[]

  - Sign up view

* Election
  An election is a collection of questions.
    - id
    - name
    - questions: ElectionQuestion[]

  - Create a new election
  - View list of Elections 
  - View results from a specific election

* ElectionQuestion
  - question/text/description: string
  - responseType: bool | enum('burrito', 'pizza') | string

* Ballot (Capture Votes - "Ballot" joins the Voter, the Election, and the answers for each question in the Election
  - electionId
  - voterId
  - answers: ElectionAnswer[]

* ElectionAnswer
  - questionText: string
  - voterResponse: bool
